session filtering:
  make it configurable
  actually, just change coloring in display based on session id, don't filter?
clicks:
  changing of tempo causes clicks in synched audio.
DB:
  Case insensitive sort
  Load up the whole table for the work lists, so that we have a good scrollbar and can type to search for anything
Syncing:
  Something isn't right with sync to track, sometimes it just doesn't work. or it seems like maybe it is syncing to the wrong track?
Files:
   make sure that non ascii string named files can be read in [audio files]
   this should be fixed for beat buffers
Filtering:
   Create a temporary work table with a where clause for filtering.
   updates to filter will just clear the table and select -> insert with a new where clause
Waveform View:
   interpolate values in between frame updates so we can reduce the number of frame updates:
   we know the play rate, we know the sample rate, we just update the frame position when we get an update and guess in between updates
Beat Extraction:
   config based smoothing amount
Loading:
   display error message dialog when we cannot load an audio file or buffer.
Importer:
   Provide any sort of UI?  At least list the tracks before importing? Display progress.
   GUI importer, integrate into main app
Audio:
   lilvmm?
Recently Played Filter:
   Each time you start the app increment a 'session number'.  Each time a song
   becomes audible [what do we do if they're using direct track outs?] note the
   song id, session number and date/time in the DB.  You can filter out songs
   that have been played this session, and/or songs that have been played
   within x amount of time from now [or the session start if we keep that info?].
Works:
   Better sorting.. field hiding and reorder?  Save field settings?
   Filter views
License:
   Figure out all that we have to display.  Attribution in the GUI?  What about command line?
Tags:
  Relationships between tags and songs have type [genre, theme, etc].
    How to differentiate 'metal' the material with 'metal' the genre?  postfix all genre's with 'music'?
    'metal music', 'house music' ?
    'speed' is a slang drug term.. how to differentiate?
      Maybe tags should allow for duplicates? 'metal' the genre and 'metal' the material?
      speed is a slang term for methamphetamine which is type of drug, a different speed is a scalar of distance over time
  Tag -> Tag relationships:
    computers and radios are types of electronic devices
    love, anger, fear are types of emotions
    'Computer Love' by Kraftwerk has lyrical theme tags: love, computer
      selecting 'electronic devices' and 'emotions' for lyrical themes, when allowing for children in filters, would include 'Computer Love'

Track Selections [playlists].
  Groupings of tracks, can be ordered..
  Baby Rave
  Dark Mix
  Emily's 2nd Electro mix..
  etc.
  Why not use tags??
